docs: dev blog posts for `2617` distribution (#3218)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/blog/2026-04-27-distribution-2617.md

---
title: Distribution `2617` is now available
authors:
  - name: Mithril Team
tags: [release, distribution, 2617]
---

### Distribution `2617` is now available

The [`2617.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2617.0) distribution has been released, introducing the following changes:

:::info

> ⚠️ This distribution will reset the `cardano-transaction` database of the signer and the aggregator, and a new full scan of the Cardano chain will be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This distribution will reset the `cardano-transaction` database of the signer and the aggregator, and trigger a new full scan of the Cardano chain.
```

Author: Fixed
